#### Context Menu Modifier
- Add a parameter to script. done
- Add the file copy option in pdq, powershell script should not copy down files done
- Figure out how to send paramters in pdq 
- Add error checking. done
- One File, will be used for multiple PDQ packages
#### Door Card Name Plates
- Figure out how much material I have. done
- Figure out how much material I need for each stage of project done
- Figure out how many swoops/ rectangles can fit on one sheet
- Figure out how much magnet we actually need to cut, make a template for cutting the magnet sheet
- Phase 1 is just the people who don't have nameplates (includes b2)
- Phase 2 is the remainder of the admins who need new ones
- Phase 3 is engineers
- Phase 4 is kitchen, bathroom, etc

#### Door Card Generator GUI/App
I want this application to take either a list of csv names, or a list of ad-users from using get-aduser. From there, a list view will be generated of all the names. With the listview generated, the user can select what names they want to work on from the list view. You will also select if you want to make rectangle or swoop.

From there, the app will generate the files with each names, along with a file for cutting the backing and aluminum base

- Similar design to the autocad script page.
- Will need an observable collection for names, 


        <ui:Button x:Name="b_generateNames" Content="Generate Names"  Click="b_generateNames_Click"/>
        <TextBox x:Name="tb_totalNumber" HorizontalAlignment="Left" Margin="22,246,0,0" TextWrapping="Wrap" Text="Enter Total Number" VerticalAlignment="Top" Width="120"/>
        <TextBox x:Name="tb_eventStream" HorizontalAlignment="Left" Margin="373,179,0,0" TextWrapping="Wrap" Text="TextBox" VerticalAlignment="Top" Width="264" Height="156"/>
        <Button x:Name="b_csvImport" Content="ImportCSV" Margin="587,135,0,0" VerticalAlignment="Top"/>