## Tasks for Today:

- [ ] Learn about regulatory compliances built into wazuh
- [ ] Install agent on my device and test what the agent can do
- [ ] Meow (install rockwell stuff on bretts laptop)

## Notes:

- Regulatory Compliances
	- PCI DSS: Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard sets security of standards for organinzations that handle credit card transcations, ensuring the protection of carholder data.
	-  TSC: Trusted Services Criteria used in SOC 2 and SOC 3 reports that focus on non-financial reporting controls, emphasizing security, availability, confidentiality, processing integrity, and privacy
	- HIPAA: Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act is a U.S. legislation that provides data privacy and security provisions for sageguarding medical information
	- NIST 800-53: National Institute of Standards and Technology 800-53 is a set of guidelines that describe controls and best practices to secure information systems
	- GDPR: General Data Protection Regulation is a European Union regulation that governs data protection and privacy in the EU and the European Economic Area.
	- MITRE: They are the group responsbile for creating common vulnerabilities exposures, common wekenss enumeration, and common platform enumeration. They also created the ATT&CK Framework. Stands for Adversial Tactics, Techniques, and Common Knowledge. Shows the actions an attacker might take.
- Note 2
- Note 3

## Ideas:

- Idea 1
- Idea 2
- Idea 3

## Questions:

- I am not exactly sure what I should be working on today.
	  I have my Linux Zabbix Script
	  Revise the AD user script
	  proxmox summary script. I never got around to calling the proxmox api 
- Question 2
- Question 3