
# Tasks for the week

##### Issues affecting end users
- Brady printer 600 making loud noises. Investigate (weekend)
- GlowForge follow trouble shooting steps from glowforge email. (weekend)
- Kevin Eisenger needs monitor arms switched (weekend)
- Steven BigBee outlook authentication issue on phone. (give to dylan)
- Elmer monitor bases

### Wazuh


### AutoCAD App
- CUIX Load Function
	- Investigate the Enterprise CUIX before resorting to having everyone install a new version of AutoCAD
	- Use an AutoLISP routine to load the cuix.
	- Look into using the acad.dll 
	- Last resort: put the CUIX in the support path, give a copy and pastable function to put into autocad to load the cuix file. Will only need to be done once per AutoCAD install. 
- Remaining functions : CUIXLoad, update_btn, deleteMenu_btn
- Fix the visual design of the install page, make profile migration its own page. 

#### ACAD Menu Project
- Application with page for running scripts and install/updating menu
- powershell script to create the menu from an excel document
- The folder/file structure with all of the blocks for inserting
- The script folder containing scripts made by IT or ENG
- The excel document containing a databse of each blocks and the blocks attributes
	- The excel document and powershell JUST adds the block database, updating the menu visually (like adding pictuers) is still a manual process rip. Might want to figure out to add the menugroup.cui into the archive of ACADMENU.cuix
- Order is Menu GUI I made in AutoCAD, folder/file structure with all of the blocks, an excel database representing the blocks and their attributes, a powershell script to generate the menugroup.cui, .cui file gets placed inside of the .cuix archive, Application to load the menu and folders, application to run scripts.

