### Weekly List
- Problems Affecting End Users
	- Re-image Denise Laptops
	- Kyle will need a new ethernet line ran from server to his wall outlet. Currnetly on 100mbps duplex as that only used two pairs instead of four. Cable from wall to pc might be broken, need to cable test, he fine for now
	- Brady printer 600 making loud noises. Investigate
	- GlowForge follow trouble shooting steps from glowforge email.
	- Some users might have trouble updating to new Teams. Be aware of that
	- Max needs a setup where Kyle is at, Kyle will be moved to bills office. Tammy might have IP problem with her laptop affecting Sage.

 
 Projects I am working on
	- Door signs, when are these going to be hung on the door??
	- AutoCAD Gui Remaining Items
		-  A file backup function if not already added
		- This would be easy to implement if every file that was being worked on was in the same folder, so that way a folder called "BACKUP" could be made in the CAD directory of the job under the file server.
		- 
		- Run button might need to be optimized?? Hide Powershell window. This seems fine for now
		- Error checking for the scripts
		- Error checking for if the drawings are worked or not when running
		- Need to add tool tips
		- Add a section explaining how the scripts work, and link to the autodesk manual on accoreconsole scripts
		- Add another page for menu install, updating, and removal.
		- https://help.autodesk.com/view/ACDLT/2024/ENU/?guid=GUID-348D791E-D621-444F-B059-C0C6F97AD69F
		- Add CUI and load through code (either accore console or regedit),
			- accore console won't work. Will have to regedit to change default CUIX file
		- Add support paths through code, will edit the registry Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Autodesk\AutoCAD LT\R31\ACADLT-8101:409\Profiles\<<Unnamed Profile>>\General\Support
	- Wazuh
		- Add exclusions to rules for software we control
		- In prequel stage of project, tailor the program for our needs. 
		- What are best security practices in Windows
	- Vision Engraving Laser Rollout Plan
		- Licenses (how many are we buying??)
		- All shop PCs are being replaced. 
	