Issues Affecting End Users:
- Brady IP600 loud noises, fan issue, not sure what to do
- Elmer Monitor Arms & Tony Gohl Monitor Arms, they have the same desk 

Projects I am working On
- AutoCAD Manager
- Wazuh
- Vision Engraver
- Door Signs
- Server Room Cleanup
- Zabbix Refresh
- AutoCAD building drawing, populate names from AD
- Go through phone list, figure out who is deactivated
I want to complete remaining items on AutoCAD Manager so it can be given to one of the engineers on monday. What needs to be done with this:
	- Make seperate page for AutoCAD install and functionality for AutoCAD install
	- Profile migrate https://help.autodesk.com/view/ACDLT/2025/ENU/index.html?guid=GUID-D4502890-6980-4942-8841-7248F4ECA848
	- Review Visual Design 
	- Check error function that runs before errors/crashes are actrually triggered. 


### 9-17

TDM Office Map
- What are the office numbers, where do people sit? This is on hold
CCI B1 Office Map
- Done besides printer function
CCI B2 Office Map
- Done besides Printer function


Door Signs
- Putty Knifes and goo gone will be here tomorrow or later today when I get back from school
- How much plastic do I have, what kind of each color

AutoCAD Manager
- AutoCAD install page
	- I can install AutoCAD silently with the deployment image, but need to skip UAC prompt
	- Functions for installing menu files target the highest installed version, might become an issue if someone has 2025 installed... not sure how to get around this
	- During AutoCAD install, there needs to be some kind of user feedback to let them know its installing.

Make a deployment image that can go on the fileserver so I can install AutoCAD from the gui on a VM
	- Check error function that runs before errors/crashes are actually triggered. 
	- Why do support files not search recursively


## 9-18

Tasks to complete today:
- Run newest version of CCI autocad installer inside a vm
- Short Day because of school
## 9-19

- 
- Known Issues:
	- Visual Errors
		- Page Scaling on top of window scaling (4k screens cause issue)
		- Help Buttons are in a different spot on each page, make a box that page is centered around
		- User feedback to let them know something is happening... maybe a modal?
		- After ACAD install or library install, istructions to load profile
	- Code Errors:
		- ACAD install: notify user install is happening, install function needs to be disabled if version found matches version provided. change the method for tracking if installation has occurred, can't add support paths because of this.
		- Profile Migration: Notify user what is happening, disable the feature if only version of AutoCAD is installed, can this work without using the AutoDESK gui?
		- Manage Library: Give user feedback about what is happening, other than this I think its fine.


-- Goals for today, fix code errors first, front end issues will follow after backend is fixed. 