Issues Affecting End Users:
- Brady IP600 loud noises, fan issue, not sure what to do
- (forget name) shop guy was asking if we can get a setup that he can sit down at to type labels, tell Randy he needs to talk to denise to get that approval.
- Tony Gohl Laptop Blue screens and monitor stands
- Denise email signature issue
- Elmer Monitor Arms

## CALL ESCAPE ROOM ABOUT THROWING STUFF OUT 
### AutoCAD Manager App
Goals for Today:
- AutoCAD install from button click, thinking of a modal that opens up to notify
- Make profile migrate use the CMD process
- Transfer BMP pictures
What Looks Wrong Visually
	- The header for each page is different size, can't adjust width of the box
	- Where to put "help modal" at? Or should I have a new page that loads a user manual 
	- On install page, how to get Text labels to fit with page, where to put installing AutoCAD program at? Also help page?
	- On profile page, I can't choose which version to migrate too, since we aren't using .lisp files yet, I figured its not a needed feature at this point in time. Where to put help button. Update 2.0 feature
	- Do we wanna keep debug page?


### Wazuh
- Wazuh
	- Add exclusions to rules for software we control
	- In prequel stage of project, tailor the program for our needs. 
	- What are best security practices in Windows

##### Vision Engraving Laser Rollout Plan
	- Licenses (how many are we buying??)
	- All shop PCs are being replaced. 

### Objectives for Today
- AutoCAD Manager
	- Import BMP method
	- Update installer
	- Test
	- Broken Items List:
		- Writing to event viewer only works in Admin Mode
		- Button to install AutoCAD opens a blank modal
		- Text showing menu and ACAD versions not scaling/allinging properly
		- BMP files are not being copied 
		- CUILOAD CCI needs more instructions for user
		- Delete btn click should refresh the page after it is done. 
		- Update should be blank at the start if local version not found
		- Lbls should reload after any of the buttons are clicked.
		- Process cannot be tracked when clicking run buttton
		- 
- Call Rage Room about e-waste donations, specifiy what they will and won't take.
- Server Room Clean up, move old UPS and server racks. See what can go behind the 