### Quickstart

Wazuh is a security platform that provides unified XDR and SIEM protection for endpoints and cloud workloads. The solution is composed of a single universal agent and three central components: the Wazuh server, the Wazuh indexer, and the Wazuh dashboard

It is open source and the componenets abide by the GNU General Public License, version 2, and the Apache License version 2.0

### Requirements
#### Hardware

The hardware requirements vary depending on the number of protected endpoints and cloudworkloads. . Once you have the number, Wazuh has provided a table, assuming you have the Wazuh server, indexer, and dashboard all on the same host.

|**Agents**|**CPU**|**RAM**|**Storage (90 days)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**1–25**|4 vCPU|8 GiB|50 GB|
|**25–50**|8 vCPU|8 GiB|100 GB|
|**50–100**|8 vCPU|8 GiB|200 GB|

They reccomend for larger environments to use a distrubuted deployment, meaning a multi-node cluster configuration for the Wazuh server and indexer. We might have to use this at CCI.

Wazuh is available on all of the general Linux Distros. We use ubuntu so we are covered there. Most browers work except for Internet Explorer 

#### Quick Installation
1. Download and run the Wazuh installation assistant
	   curl -sO https://packages.wazuh.com/4.5/wazuh-install.sh && sudo bash ./wazuh-install.sh -a

Once finished you will be given an output asking you to do a username and password.
The web interface can be reached with https://wazuh-dashboard-ip// and the credentials.

Upon first access, the web server will not have a certificate.

### Install Guide

#### Wazuh Indexer

The purpose of the Wazuh Indexer is to be the central componenet that indexes and stores alerts generated by the Wazuh server and provides near real-time data search and analytics.

Install can be either one host or a load balancing setup. 


##### Hardware Requirements

- Hardware recommendations for each node
   
|Minimum|   |Recommended|   |
|---|---|---|---|
|Component|RAM (GB)|CPU (cores)|RAM (GB)|CPU (cores)|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Wazuh indexer|4|2|16|8|

- Disk Space Requirements

The amount of data depends on the generated alerts per second (APS). The table below shows the estimated amount of needed disk space needed to store 90 days of alerts on a Wazuh indexer server, depending on the type of endpoint.

|Monitored endpoints|APS|Storage in Wazuh indexer<br><br>(GB/90 days)|
|---|---|---|
|Servers|0.25|3.7|
|Workstations|0.1|1.5|
|Network devices|0.5|7.4|

For example, an environment with 80 workstations, 10 server, and 10 network devices, the storage needed on the Wazuh indexer server for 90 days of alerts is 230Gb.

##### Certificates Creaton

Download the wazuh-certs-tool.sh script and the config.yml file. This will create a certificate to encrypt communication between Wazuh central components.
curl -sO https://packages.wazuh.com/4.5/wazuh-certs-tool.sh
curl -sO https://packages.wazuh.com/4.5/config.yml

