I feel fed up because I just want to be alone and work on myself, but I have people obligiations that I can't seem to get rid of. 
I feel incapable because I cannot make a decision
I feel incompetent and overwhelmed for the same reason above
I feel nervous as I bite my nails all day. I am also nervous because I don't know what is right. 
I feel apprehensive to make any decisions
I feel puzzled while at a home today, like I can't focus on anything. 
I feel resentful because I do not enjoy the people in my life. 
I am fuming due to not knowing what to do, I wish I could just restart with everyone around me, or have never met them. I have never had a person hate me in their life and I don't know how to handle that feeling. 
I feel blue because while I list the reasons above being people oriented, I wish I could enjoy people in my life.
I feel wrong for how I handle my relationships.
I also feel really sorry for how I handle my relationships. I wish I could just own up to what I want but I choose not to.
Finally, I believe I feel I am in high spirits for finally sitting down and working through this sheet.
I feel adrift because I don't know what to do with my time.

1/24/24
I feel isolated because if I do what I want, then I am still left with the problem of not knowing how to make new friends/relationships. So then I feel contentment because it is comfier to stick with what I know
I feel contrite because I know I have done something wrong, and now I can't own up to my mistakes. 
I feel provoked because I feel as though I am doing something I don't want to do, but don't know how to not do it
I feel trapped because I have done things I shouldn't have and am trying to make up for it
I feel confused because I don't have the trust in myself to do what is right
I feel nervous because I don't have the courage to own up to what I want
I feel incompetent because I keep repeating mistakes and patterns of not saying what I want and being truthful to myself and the people around me
I feel empty because I [im not sure]
I feel [WORRIED] because I tend to focus on the negative and that causes me to worry a lot of the time
I feel outcasted because I find it incredibly difficult to meet new people and build relationships while others have developed the skill. It also makes me jealous. I don't know to develop that skill.
I feel appreciative because of the people in my life. They put up with a lot, so I feel I have to owe them something.
I'm not surewhat words I can use to describe this, but touching on the issue last week, I just really don't want to continue this. Its been hard, because I can't tell if I am projecting my problems with life onto Maggie, or Maggie really is the issue. So it causes me to feel alot of what i have listed. My body is telling me to go,  I feel a physical response to LEAVE LEAVE LEAVE RUN AWAY OMG. And its hard, because the thing I am running away from is someone I am so fond of. I am seeing the Maggie today, and it made me so angry I was about to start crying. Fortunately, I have my own office at work, and I was able to close that door and mediate and breath for a few minutes to clam me down. Now I am focusing on not trying to get rild up and ruminate. I have a lot on my plate, and I'm not sure how trying to meet another persons needs is a good idea when I can barely meet my own needs. IF I do decide to break away, I don't want to fall into my old habits of isolating myself and not connecting with myself and others. I haven't been enjoying this process while I am putting in low effort, how is putting in more effort going to make me feel better?????? So, that is my main issue that is bothering me. It is just hard because while we are both laid back, silly people, none of our interests and goals line up, so its one of us compromising all the time, or one of us masking during the conversation. I honestly am amazed we kept this up for so long. I feel really contrite because I went into this just excited to get a girlfriend, but once I realized my girlfriend was an entire person, I realized I bit off more than I can chew and decided to check out mentally. I realize people get divorced, but I don't know how to convince myself that what I am doing is okay besides its what I wanna do. Like if I had to spend every day with them, I would seriously loose my mind. I did spend every day with them for months, and I lost my fucking mind. With everything I am trying to do, I don't think I can have a relationship I enjoy until I get my own place. Once again, I cannot figure out if these are my true feelings, but rather another issue at play
On another note, I tend to feel like I focus mostly on the negative. I think this represents a bigger problem at hand, and not just the things i have mentioned. 
I feel exposed because I act just like my parents, who only care about people until they start inconveniencing their lives, they like me when I am like a cat or a dog.
## 1/25/24

The next day. Yesterday at her house, it was great because we had homework to do so we didn't talk much. She then asked me to stay over friday and saturday because of said homework and while in the moment I said yes, this morning in my car I was just screaming crying because I don't want too.  I realize in a situation like the one I am in, nobody is right, and everybody is right. People will tell you things to make you feel better but neither is right, its just about doing what you want. She wants me to win her back, but if I wasn't enjoying the relationship while I was putting in minimal effort, how am I going to enjoy things putting in more effort? Like I'm the one who changed my mind about you, you win me back.

## 1/26/24

Last night had a conversation with my friend about everything and also read him the 4-Page Essay Maggie wrote explaining her perspective on the relationship. The first time I read that, I felt convinced to re-enter the relationship. However, I think re-reading this a second time showed me that when someone writes something like that, its time to stop "working on things" and go your seperate ways. Live is too short to feel this kinda way for this long. Even if there is a chance of making everything work, I'm just over it at this point. I feel so empty trying to continue this, and I can't see a way in which it stops feeling like a miserable existence. The physical attraction is completly gone. I am also aware of my short comings, and wish I had been more certain in my feelings before entering this relationship, and I wish I hadn't let her on for the last two months, but I really wanted to know if this could work. However, I have just been feeling worse and worse the past two months. She can try and convince me, but in my heart I know this isn't right and I will convince her. I think I am just scared of being alone, but even if this hurts, I need to make the right decision and end this now.
I feel [guilty] because I made this go on for so long 
i feel [alone] because I have to learn to live without a partner
I feel [confused] because I am so scared of making the wrong decision
I feel [puzzled] because I feel in my heart that the decision to end this is the correct one
I feel [awful] because I have to hurt someone so bad. Even though its a three hour conversation at worst and that will be it. Whatever problems and issues I leave is her problem to deal with. I am sorry for the pain I have caused and I recognize my mistakes, but I don't want to do this anymore
I feel [attached] so it makes letting go even harder, but I just know this is the right decision
I feel [optimisitc] because once I get this over with, and can finally focus on myself, I will feel so relieved
I feel [strongly and confidently] that this relationship will not work.
I feel [stumped] on how to justify my decision to Maggie, without just saying I don't want to make this work


Maggie, I don't wish to be here, I don't want to date anymore, and I don't see a future together where we are both happy. I'm sorry for pain I have caused you, I never meant to hurt you. I take full responsibility for what i have done. In my heart, I believe that we just aren't compatible. This last two months have been me trying, but all thats done is hurt you more and made me realize that this relationship is hurting me as well. You are probably angry, and will be sad and confused. However, I think once enough time has passed you will start to realize that I am right. I suggest you don't comb through your memories and try to figure out where it went wrong, this will only make the process more difficult for you. I have no explanation for you that will make you satisfied. I would comb through your memories, and make a list of everything that I did that made you feel bad. Again, in time you will realize that I am right. One day you will wake up and you won't think about me anymore. I don't regret any of the time I spent with, you've taught me so much and I will always think of you fondly. I will not be contacting you, if you need further closure, I can provide that, but besides that this is goodbye. I wish you a beautiful life.

## 1/31/24
I am really struggling to answer my three questions. To be fair, I didn't give my self a day to really process the last two years, what happened, and how I am feeling now. I am kinda of just shoving it all down again....
- ### What Did I Learn From My Relationship
	- I learned so much in my relationship it will be hard to remember it all and explained it all. Currently what I'm thinking is how important it is to be open and honest with the person you with. Nobody is perfect, but the grass is greenest where you water it. Sure, it might be difficult to tell someone that you hate spending all of your time with them and that its not for you, but having those conversations gives you both the ability to work through as a team. I also think having similar goals and values are really important, even with things that might seem "redundant" to others is important to you. If you are on a mission, you want someone who is on a similar mission. You don't need this however, but I think it would help. I learned a lot about what I want my life to look like, and what I really wanna do with my life. I learned how to put someone before me (even for a short time). I learned the importance of love, not romantic, just general love and having a positive mindset towards the people in your life. I learned the importance of taking the time to think and sit with yourself. I learned how to get along with someone I normally wouldn't
- ### How Did I Grow From My Relationship
	- Like the above, I grew so much from my relationship, and I learned so much about myself from Maggie. I grew in the relationship because I was trying to make a human connection. How I grew was that I learned the importance of human connection's. The last two years really made me grow just becuase of how challenging they were. Every aspect of me was challenged and met with someone asking why I did the things I did. I grew because I let someone love me, I wasn't really sure I was deserving a love before I met Maggie, and she showed me I was. 
- ### What Are Three Ways I Did Good
	- I was physically there for my partner. Out of the two years, there were only 2 or 3 times where I wasn't physically present for maggie when she needed me. I also did a lot of physical work for her to make her life easier
	- I learned about what my partner likes, even if they were things I would normally like at judgementally. For example, she was really into astrology, psychology, animals, and how society should be structured. I never really cared about those things but I took the time and effort to learn about them, for her and my own sake. I learned a lot from her
	- Honestly I can't think of anything else I did good in the relationship. Maybe this is just me being hard on my self, in a disgraceful way, but besides that I am not really sure what I did good. All I have to go off where what Maggie said to me when I asked her "what do I do for you" and how even after I broke her heart not once, but twice, she said I can always come back if I change my mind. She said I provided quality time, I was a nice break in her day, she enjoyed talking to me and getting to know me... I am struggling to remember much. I tend to struggle to remember the finer details of things, I wish I was better. For example, I will not remember most of this therapy conversation, and I am not sure if that is me being not present or what
### Extra thoughts
	I delayed the breakup until sunday and broke up on our anniversary, I even told her I loved her that same day and it definitely eats me up a little. It was the hardest thing I had ever done, it was consistent crying for hours on end, and when I got in my car I lost it, and when I got home I lost it some more. I cried a little the next day but I am pretty much okay now. I think it is just now settling in that Ill never see her again. It makes me feel isolated because now it is up to me to develop connections with people and put myself out there more. I also feel puzzled because I am not sure what to do next. I am scared of falling into another partnern of staying in my room 24/7 doing nothing with my life. I know I will die with regrets no matter what, life is a game of trade-offs. 
	During the breakup, Maggie made a lot of good points of how I am going to regret this decision because I am avoidant and this is something we could really work on. She started to make sense to me during this process, however I knew in my heart that if I had listened to her I would have regret the decision. Troy, why did you not bring up being avoidant? I initially regretted my decision and was so confused why you let me leave with my decision made knowing this, however the answer is I would have regretted the decision. 
	I just can't believe she is gone, it is such a shame, I wish we were just friends and never got in a relationship. Maybe in a few years we could have developed a real relationship, but I was excited to get a girlfriend and "explore" I still do so many of her character manerisms.

I feel panicy, and I cannot the answer the because I don't know why, but holy shit I am so panicked, alarmed, so many FEARFUL emotions, FEAR drives me so much and I CAN"T STAND IT
I feel like my life is going to stagnate now and idk what to do

## 2/2/24
So today's visit we talked about my emotions and feelings before the breakup, during, and after.

We also talked about fears, what they mean, and how I should confront them. 

My homework is to think back of memories during elementary school, what was school like, what were the people like, who where the people. Outside of school, what was my home like, how did I feel? Who was there, why were they there? What did I do, what did I like? Friends? Traumatic events?
Also continue to think about relationship and remind myself that I did a good job with the information I had, and i did what I want and felt what was best for me.

