CCI Gui Script Logic Check additions
- If statement to check if drawings are already worked, show message box, DONE
- Right click menu w/ delete button and delete key to delete drawings
- Error file creation, double click opens path
- 

Wazuh, continuing to review use cases
#### Use Cases
- Security Configuration Assesments (SCA) preset rules found under /var/ossec/ruleset that asses various factors about a system, shows the issue and solution.
- Malware Detection, does not use signature based identifcation, instead does a behavior based detection, so attack techniques are monitored. Will look for multiple fields that denoate indicators of compromise for reducing false positives.
- FIle Integrity Monitoring
- Threat Hunting, analyzes multilple data sources like logs, network traffic, and endpoint data to identify and eliminate threats. Wazu does log analysis
- Vulnerability Detection
- 



#### Summary of Wazuh Agent on Windows Machine
	Out of the box, Wazuh does not report much on Windows machines. Sysmon will need to be installed, and a .xml file will need to be added that has all of the configurations for hte MITRE ATT&CK framework. With this installed, Wazuh reports any kind of suspicious behavor on windows machines. I am left with figuring out how I wanna do alerts. I can send alerts through email and teams, but I would like to figure out how to use the Opensearch alerting.
	Once I figure out alerts, I would like to see about some kind of active response
	I will need to create a PDQ package to add Sysmon to the Windows End Devices along with a PDQ package to install the agent. So itll be PDQ package for agent, then install sysmon and add sysmon rules to local agent.  



Go over rotary documentation with processing
174576

### ADA Door Signs

Grey/Blue back piece that is cut (8x4)
Aluminum front piece that is cut (8x4)
Letters are cut from a 1/32 grey piece

We are stuck at how to create a consistent template 
My ideas thus far are 
- Create a file in inkscape with slightly larger letters (scaling each letter individually), the issue is letter with nothces (such as E) would not fit
- Use an Online fill partern in vision engraving to make the letters slightly larger, similar issue to the first
- Engrave the text on aluminum lamicoid so the cut letter have a place to sit, might cause tool marks on the lamicoid
- Use the Vision Engraver and overlap the pieces on top of eachother with tape
- 